DOCAPI-7459: skip_unavailable_shards docs (#6361)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: `uniqExact`.

[Original article](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/operations/settings/settings/) <!--hide-->

## skip_unavailable_shards {#settings-skip_unavailable_shards}

Enables or disables silent skipping of:

- Node, if its name cannot be resolved through DNS.

    When skipping is disabled, ClickHouse requires that all the nodes in the [cluster configuration](../server_settings/settings.md#server_settings_remote_servers) can be resolvable through DNS. Otherwise, ClickHouse throws an exception when trying to perform a query on the cluster.

>     If skipping is enabled, ClickHouse considers unresolved nodes as unavailable and tries to resolve them at every connection attempt. Such behavior creates the risk of wrong cluster configuration because a user can specify the wrong node name, and ClickHouse doesn't report about it. However, this can be useful in systems with dynamic DNS, for example, Kubernetes, where nodes can be unresolvable in downtime, and this is not an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If skipping is enabled, ClickHouse considers unresolved nodes as unavailable and tries to resolve them at every connection attempt. Such behavior creates the risk of wrong cluster configuration because a user can specify the wrong node name, and ClickHouse doesn't report about it. However, this can be useful in systems with dynamic DNS, for example, [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io), where nodes can be unresolvable during downtime, and this is not an error.
```

> - Shard, if there are no nodes available in the shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shard, if there are no available replicas of the shard.
```

    When skipping is disabled, ClickHouse throws an exception.

>     When skipping is enabled, ClickHouse returns a partial answer and doesn't report about problems with nodes availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When skipping is enabled, ClickHouse returns a partial answer and doesn't report about issues with nodes availability.
```
